src/application/Main.java:16:	Avoid short class names like Main
src/application/Main.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/application/Main.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/application/Main.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:22:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/application/Main.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/application/Main.java:26:	Local variable 'newEvent' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:28:	Local variable 'evList' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/application/Main.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/application/Main.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/application/Main.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/application/Main.java:38:	Parameter 'primaryStage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '40'-'43').
src/application/Main.java:41:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/application/Main.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '43'-'56').
src/application/Main.java:44:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/application/Main.java:45:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/application/Main.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventOverviewController
src/application/Main.java:47:	Local variable 'eventOverviewController' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/application/Main.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/application/Main.java:50:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:53:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/application/Main.java:54:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/application/Main.java:58:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=73, ATFD=39, TCC=0.07575757575757576)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:18:	The class 'ConsistencyController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:18:	The class 'ConsistencyController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:18:	The class 'ConsistencyController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:20:	This final field could be made static
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:21:	This final field could be made static
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:22:	This final field could be made static
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:23:	This final field could be made static
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:25:	Private field 'walkingDinnerController' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:33:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:46:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:47:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:49:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:50:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:60:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '60'-'83').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:60:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:62:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:63:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:63:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:74:	Local variable 'differentR' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:75:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:77:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:80:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:82:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:83:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:92:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '96'-'123').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:96:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:96:	The method 'multipleMemberAndKnowingWarnings' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:96:	The method 'multipleMemberAndKnowingWarnings' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:96:	The method 'multipleMemberAndKnowingWarnings' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:98:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:99:	Local variable 'schedule' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:100:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:101:	Local variable 'knownPersons' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:102:	Local variable 'allTeams' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:103:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:104:	Local variable 'membersAsPerson' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:121:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:122:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:123:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:131:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:132:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:132:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:132:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:141:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '141'-'149').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:143:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:144:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allTeamsWithWarnings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:145:	Local variable 'allTeamsWithWarnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:147:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:161:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '161'-'195').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:161:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:161:	The method 'getWarnings' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:161:	The method getWarnings() has an NPath complexity of 288
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:163:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allParticipantsInGroup
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:164:	Local variable 'allParticipantsInGroup' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:165:	Local variable 'allPersonsInGroup' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:166:	Local variable 'groupController' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAtTheBeginning
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:167:	Local variable 'courseAtTheBeginning' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:183:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:185:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:189:	Local variable 'differentR' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'warning' (lines '191'-'197').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:194:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:195:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:198:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:203:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'anzahlDrei' (lines '204'-'207').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:205:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:206:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'anzahlDrei' (lines '207'-'207').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:210:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:221:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '221'-'228').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:223:	Local variable 'groupController' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allGroupsWithWarnings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:224:	Local variable 'allGroupsWithWarnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:225:	Local variable 'allGroups' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:227:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:237:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:242:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'compareRestriction' (lines '242'-'254').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:242:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'others' (lines '242'-'250').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:242:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'part' (lines '242'-'247').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:242:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notMatchingRestrictions
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:244:	Local variable 'notMatchingRestrictions' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:246:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rest' (lines '247'-'262').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:247:	Local variable 'rest' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:249:	Local variable 'others' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'restOfOthers' (lines '250'-'250').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restOfOthers' (lines '250'-'262').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:250:	Local variable 'restOfOthers' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like compareRestriction
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:253:	Local variable 'compareRestriction' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:269:	Parameter 'person' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:271:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'knownPersons' (lines '271'-'285').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:271:	Local variable 'knownPersons' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'knowingList' (lines '272'-'277').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'knowingList' (lines '272'-'285').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:273:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'knowingList' (lines '277'-'277').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'knowingList' (lines '277'-'285').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:292:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:294:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:295:	Local variable 'groupController' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:303:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:318:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:320:	Local variable 'groupSize' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:321:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:335:	Avoid empty if statements
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:340:	Avoid empty if statements
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:351:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:353:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:369:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '369'-'377').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:369:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'person' (lines '369'-'378').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:369:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'person' (lines '369'-'384').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:369:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:370:	Local variable 'knowingMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:371:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:372:	Local variable 'personList' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eventList' (lines '373'-'387').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:373:	Local variable 'eventList' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:374:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:375:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:375:	Local variable 'knowingList' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:376:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:378:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:389:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'r' (lines '389'-'392').
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:389:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:389:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:391:	Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:392:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ConsistencyController.java:397:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ErrorAUI.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ErrorAUI.java:5:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/controller/ErrorAUI.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventController.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventController.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/EventController.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/EventController.java:28:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:37:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '37'-'41').
src/controller/EventController.java:37:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/EventController.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:40:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/EventController.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '48'-'54').
src/controller/EventController.java:48:	Parameter 'knownBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:48:	Parameter 'toList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventController.java:49:	Local variable 'knowingRelation' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:51:	Local variable 'knowing' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventController.java:52:	Local variable 'knowing2' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:53:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventController.java:61:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '61'-'63').
src/controller/EventController.java:61:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '61'-'64').
src/controller/EventController.java:61:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:61:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventController.java:62:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:63:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:64:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/EventController.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/EventController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '70'-'72').
src/controller/EventController.java:70:	Parameter 'person' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventController.java:71:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/EventController.java:72:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/EventController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:77:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '77'-'79').
src/controller/EventController.java:77:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventController.java:78:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:79:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/EventController.java:79:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/EventController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:90:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:98:	Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:107:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:107:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:108:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:109:	Local variable 'courseTimes' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventController.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventController.java:118:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:126:	Parameter 'deadline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:135:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:139:	Local variable 'removedSomething' could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventController.java:147:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/EventController.java:155:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/EventController.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/EventController.java:157:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventController.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:19:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:20:	Overridable method 'setWalkingDinnerController' called during object construction
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:36:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '36'-'40').
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:37:	Local variable 'events1' could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:38:	Local variable 'events2' could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:39:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:52:	Local variable 'newEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:53:	Local variable 'eventList' could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:63:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:77:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/EventPickerController.java:79:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ExportController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ExportController.java:32:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/ExportController.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '48'-'69').
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '48'-'61').
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '48'-'63').
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'part' (lines '48'-'65').
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '48'-'54').
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '48'-'64').
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:48:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:50:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:51:	Local variable 'courseTimes' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:53:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:54:	Do not add empty strings
src/controller/ExportController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:55:	Do not add empty strings
src/controller/ExportController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:60:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:61:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:62:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:63:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:64:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:65:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/controller/ExportController.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:68:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:80:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/ExportController.java:81:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:89:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '89'-'93').
src/controller/ExportController.java:89:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:90:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:92:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:104:	Local variable 'tempDirectory' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/ExportController.java:105:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'tempDirectory'
src/controller/ExportController.java:107:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:122:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:124:	Local variable 'tempDirectory' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:140:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ExportController.java:141:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:149:	Parameter 'latexFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:153:	The String literal "UTF-8" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 153
src/controller/ExportController.java:163:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:171:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:173:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:181:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:192:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '192'-'202').
src/controller/ExportController.java:192:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:194:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:195:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'csvSeparator' (lines '195'-'212').
src/controller/ExportController.java:195:	Local variable 'csvSeparator' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:199:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:202:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ExportController.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:203:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ExportController.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:204:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ExportController.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:205:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/ExportController.java:210:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:215:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:217:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:224:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/ExportController.java:230:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ExportController.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ExportController.java:241:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:252:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'exitCode' (lines '252'-'252').
src/controller/ExportController.java:252:	Parameter 'texFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:252:	Parameter 'workingDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:253:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:257:	Local variable 'process' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:258:	Local variable 'streamWorker' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ExportController.java:260:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'exitCode' (lines '260'-'262').
src/controller/ExportController.java:260:	Local variable 'exitCode' could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ExportController.java:266:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/controller/ExportController.java:266:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:267:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ExportController.java:267:	Private field 'inputStream' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/controller/ExportController.java:267:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:268:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/ExportController.java:268:	Private field 'consumer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/controller/ExportController.java:268:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:270:	Parameter 'consumer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:270:	Parameter 'inputStream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ExportController.java:270:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ExportController.java:276:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GroupController.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/GroupController.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/GroupController.java:28:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GroupController.java:38:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:40:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:45:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:48:	Local variable 'groupListToAdd' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:60:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:60:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newTeamList' (lines '61'-'71').
src/controller/GroupController.java:61:	Local variable 'newTeamList' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:78:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:78:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:79:	Local variable 'workingList' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:93:	Local variable 'guests' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:106:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:114:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:123:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:123:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:138:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:139:	Local variable 'currentCourse' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:140:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'currentCourse'
src/controller/GroupController.java:147:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:148:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:157:	Local variable 'dinnerController' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:162:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GroupController.java:165:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '165'-'168').
src/controller/GroupController.java:165:	Parameter 'specifiedGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:167:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:168:	Local variable 'currentGroups' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:189:	Local variable 'schedule' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GroupController.java:191:	Local variable 'allGroups' could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GroupController.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/GroupController.java:212:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GroupController.java:213:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:20:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:20:	Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:20:	The user-supplied array 'array' is stored directly.
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:31:	Parameter 'currentList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:32:	This usage of the Collection.toArray() method will throw a ClassCastException.
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:42:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:52:	Returning 'indexes' may expose an internal array.
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:61:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:61:	Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:62:	Local variable 'firstToCompare' could be declared final
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:63:	Local variable 'secondToCompare' could be declared final
src/controller/IndexSorter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/InvitationController.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/InvitationController.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:16:	Private field 'walkingDinnerController' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/InvitationController.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/InvitationController.java:24:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/InvitationController.java:32:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/InvitationController.java:46:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '46'-'60').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:46:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '46'-'65').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:47:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '47'-'74').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:47:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/controller/InvitationController.java:47:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:49:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:50:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:53:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:56:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invitedPersons' (lines '56'-'74').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:56:	Local variable 'invitedPersons' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:58:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:61:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/InvitationController.java:61:	Local variable 'eventParticipants' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:62:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:76:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/InvitationController.java:80:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/InvitationController.java:86:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '86'-'95').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:86:	Parameter 'participantList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:88:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:92:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/controller/InvitationController.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'separator' (lines '92'-'105').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:94:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:95:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/InvitationController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:96:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/InvitationController.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:107:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/InvitationController.java:114:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/InvitationController.java:119:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '119'-'132').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:119:	Parameter 'participantList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:120:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantController
src/controller/InvitationController.java:120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'participantController' (lines '120'-'142').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:120:	Local variable 'participantController' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:121:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:122:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:125:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:128:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invitedPersons' (lines '128'-'142').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:128:	Local variable 'invitedPersons' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:131:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:138:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/InvitationController.java:150:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '150'-'168').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:150:	Parameter 'participantList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:152:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:155:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:156:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:159:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'participants' (lines '163'-'172').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:163:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invited' (lines '164'-'172').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:164:	Local variable 'invited' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:166:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:174:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/InvitationController.java:184:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/InvitationController.java:187:	Parameter 'participantList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:189:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:195:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:196:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:199:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/InvitationController.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:200:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/InvitationController.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:201:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/InvitationController.java:204:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/InvitationController.java:205:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/controller/InvitationController.java:215:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/InvitationController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '217'-'224').
src/controller/InvitationController.java:219:	Local variable 'invitedPersons' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:220:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/InvitationController.java:223:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/InvitationController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Comparator'
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:11:	The class 'IrvingAlgorithm' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 13).
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:11:	The class 'IrvingAlgorithm' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 10).
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:11:	The class 'IrvingAlgorithm' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 10).
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entityList' (lines '18'-'18').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'removed' (lines '18'-'29').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rightMethod' (lines '18'-'18').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	Parameter 'entities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	The method 'irvingAlgorithmus' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	The method 'irvingAlgorithmus' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:18:	The method 'irvingAlgorithmus' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:19:	Local variable 'irvingArray' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:20:	Local variable 'entityLists' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:22:	Local variable 'entityList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:23:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:24:	Local variable 'proposalToIndex' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:25:	Local variable 'proposalList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:26:	Local variable 'removeFromHere' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:27:	Local variable 'toRemove' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:28:	Local variable 'removed' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rightMethod' (lines '29'-'29').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rightMethod' (lines '29'-'68').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:29:	Local variable 'rightMethod' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:30:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:30:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stable' (lines '35'-'39').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:37:	Local variable 'entityList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:38:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:44:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:46:	Local variable 'entityList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:47:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like teamMemberIndexMap
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:52:	Local variable 'teamMemberIndexMap' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:53:	Local variable 'entityList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:54:	Local variable 'entity1' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:55:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:56:	Local variable 'entity2' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:71:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '75'-'75').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entity1' (lines '75'-'88').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entity2' (lines '75'-'89').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '75'-'75').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfEntities' (lines '75'-'75').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	Parameter 'entities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	The method 'generateIrvingArray' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	The method 'generateIrvingArray' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:75:	The method 'generateIrvingArray' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:80:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '83'-'105').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '83'-'92').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '83'-'95').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '83'-'120').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:84:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:86:	Local variable 'entity1' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:87:	Local variable 'entity2' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:88:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:88:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:89:	Local variable 'j' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:91:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '92'-'105').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '92'-'92').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '92'-'95').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '92'-'120').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '95'-'105').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '95'-'92').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '95'-'95').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '95'-'120').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:100:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:103:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:104:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '105'-'106').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '106'-'105').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dynArray' (lines '106'-'120').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'irvingArray' (lines '109'-'114').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:110:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:112:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:112:	Local variable 'indexSorter' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'irvingArray' (lines '114'-'114').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:128:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:128:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:128:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rightMethod' (lines '128'-'128').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:128:	Parameter 'irvingArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:129:	Local variable 'irvingLists' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:131:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:132:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:132:	Local variable 'arrayList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:134:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rightMethod' (lines '134'-'134').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:134:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rightMethod' (lines '134'-'139').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:134:	Local variable 'rightMethod' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:135:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:135:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:142:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:146:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:146:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'valueList' (lines '146'-'146').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:146:	Parameter 'irvingLists' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:147:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:156:	Local variable 'rotationPairs' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startKey' (lines '157'-'159').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:162:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:163:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:164:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:165:	Local variable 'valueList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:166:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '168'-'182').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:184:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:184:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '184'-'184').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:184:	Parameter 'irvingLists' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:185:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:185:	Parameter 'rotationPairs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '186'-'198').
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:188:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:190:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:191:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:193:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:194:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:196:	Local variable 'valueList' could be declared final
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/IrvingAlgorithm.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '198'-'198').
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.xml.internal.ws.util.StringUtils'
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:5:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:12:	Local variable 'action' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '13'-'17').
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '13'-'18').
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '13'-'19').
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '13'-'20').
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:13:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/controller/ParticipantAction.java:16:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorTable'
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:17:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:32:	Local variable 'actions' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'register' (lines '33'-'59').
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:33:	Local variable 'register' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:34:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unregtister' (lines '34'-'59').
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:34:	Local variable 'unregtister' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'update' (lines '35'-'59').
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:35:	Local variable 'update' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:36:	Local variable 'registerNewPerson' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:41:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:42:	Local variable 'participantList' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invitedList' (lines '43'-'59').
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:43:	Local variable 'invitedList' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:44:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:55:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:55:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:55:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:68:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:70:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:71:	Local variable 'participantList' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:72:	Local variable 'invitedList' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:79:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:79:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:79:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:90:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '90'-'101').
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:90:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:93:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:94:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'teamController' (lines '94'-'113').
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:94:	Local variable 'teamController' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:95:	Local variable 'participantList' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:99:	Local variable 'teamList' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:100:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:110:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:110:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:110:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:115:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:125:	Local variable 'newPerson' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:126:	Local variable 'newParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:129:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:134:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:134:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:134:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:139:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:148:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:150:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:151:	Local variable 'allPerson' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Local variable 'resultOfSearch' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:154:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'resultOfSearch'
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:155:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:155:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:155:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:164:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantActionController.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:20:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:25:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:34:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:35:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:36:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:45:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:46:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:47:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:55:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:56:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:57:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:65:	Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:67:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:68:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:76:	Parameter 'number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:77:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:78:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:86:	Parameter 'wishes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:87:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:88:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:96:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:97:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:98:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:114:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:119:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:125:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'part' (lines '125'-'129').
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:125:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:126:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:128:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:130:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:136:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '136'-'137').
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:136:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:136:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:137:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/controller/ParticipantController.java:137:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:16:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:24:	Parameter 'restriction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:25:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:26:	Local variable 'realRestriction' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantRestrictions
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '47'-'53').
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:47:	Parameter 'participantRestrictions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:48:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentParticipant' (lines '49'-'66').
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:49:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:50:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:51:	Local variable 'toRemove' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:52:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:70:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:73:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:82:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:82:	Parameter 'restriction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:88:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:96:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/RestrictionController.java:98:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SampleLogicController.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/controller/SampleLogicController.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=63, ATFD=70, TCC=0.009523809523809525)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Comparator'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ListIterator'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:15:	The class 'ScheduleController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 17).
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:15:	The class 'ScheduleController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 17).
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:15:	The class 'ScheduleController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 17).
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:15:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:23:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:31:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'teams' (lines '31'-'31').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:33:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:34:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:36:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:37:	Local variable 'knowingMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionsWithoutKnowing
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:38:	Local variable 'restrictionsWithoutKnowing' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:39:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:43:	Local variable 'groupMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:44:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:45:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:46:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:55:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:55:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '55'-'62').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:55:	Parameter 'teams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:56:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alreadyScheduled' (lines '58'-'81').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:58:	Local variable 'alreadyScheduled' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:59:	Local variable 'toSchedule' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:61:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:66:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:66:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:68:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:68:	Local variable 'guests' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:87:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'notKnownParticipant' (lines '87'-'105').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '87'-'93').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'person' (lines '87'-'98').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:87:	Parameter 'knowingMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:88:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:89:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionCounter
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restrictionCounter' (lines '90'-'114').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:91:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:92:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantAsPerson
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:93:	Local variable 'participantAsPerson' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:94:	Local variable 'knownPersons' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:95:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'knownParticipants' (lines '95'-'95').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'knownParticipants' (lines '95'-'114').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:95:	Local variable 'knownParticipants' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:97:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:101:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:101:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notKnownParticipant
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:104:	Local variable 'notKnownParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restrictionCounter' (lines '111'-'114').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:121:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:121:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '121'-'130').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:121:	Parameter 'groupMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:122:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:122:	Parameter 'teams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:123:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groups' (lines '123'-'152').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:123:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:125:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alreadyScheduled' (lines '127'-'152').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:127:	Local variable 'alreadyScheduled' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:128:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toSchedule' (lines '128'-'152').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:129:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:132:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:132:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:134:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:134:	Local variable 'guests' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:137:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:139:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toSchedule' (lines '139'-'152').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toSchedule' (lines '143'-'152').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:151:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'groups'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:159:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'testTeam' (lines '159'-'164').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:159:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:159:	Parameter 'teams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like indexOfFittingTeam
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexOfFittingTeam' (lines '160'-'167').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minimum' (lines '161'-'173').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:163:	Local variable 'testTeam' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:164:	Local variable 'amountOfSymDiff' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minimum' (lines '166'-'173').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexOfFittingTeam' (lines '167'-'167').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:171:	Local variable 'fittingTeam' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:172:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'fittingTeam'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	Avoid really long methods.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '179'-'189').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vegan' (lines '179'-'193').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'veganTeams' (lines '179'-'179').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vegetarian' (lines '179'-'201').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	The method 'generateTeams' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	The method 'generateTeams' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	The method 'generateTeams' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:179:	The method generateTeams() has an NPath complexity of 2176
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:181:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:182:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:184:	Local variable 'vegans' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:185:	Local variable 'vegetarians' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:186:	Local variable 'others' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:188:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:192:	Local variable 'vegan' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:200:	Local variable 'vegetarian' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:207:	Local variable 'veganMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:208:	Local variable 'veganTeams' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:209:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:210:	Local variable 'leftVegan' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:216:	Local variable 'vegetarianMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:217:	Local variable 'vegetarianTeams' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:218:	Local variable 'leftVegetarian' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:223:	Local variable 'otherMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:224:	Local variable 'otherTeams' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:225:	Local variable 'leftOther' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:232:	Local variable 'leftParticipants' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:237:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:240:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:240:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:241:	Local variable 'toResize' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:245:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:245:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:246:	Local variable 'toResize' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:251:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:252:	Local variable 'toResize' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:258:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:261:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:269:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:278:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:297:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:297:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '297'-'306').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:297:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:298:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:300:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:302:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alreadyScheduled' (lines '302'-'322').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:302:	Local variable 'alreadyScheduled' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:303:	Local variable 'toSchedule' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:305:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:329:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:329:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'testParticipant' (lines '329'-'335').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:329:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:330:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like indexOfFittingParticipant
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:331:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexOfFittingParticipant' (lines '331'-'338').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minimum' (lines '332'-'344').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:334:	Local variable 'testParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:335:	Local variable 'amountOfSymDiff' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:337:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minimum' (lines '337'-'344').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexOfFittingParticipant' (lines '338'-'338').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:342:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fittingParticipant
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:342:	Local variable 'fittingParticipant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:343:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'fittingParticipant'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:348:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:350:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '350'-'358').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:350:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'person' (lines '350'-'358').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:350:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'person' (lines '350'-'363').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:351:	Local variable 'knowingMap' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:352:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:353:	Local variable 'personList' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:354:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eventList' (lines '354'-'366').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:354:	Local variable 'eventList' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:354:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:355:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:356:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:356:	Local variable 'knowingList' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:357:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:358:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:374:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:375:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:376:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:378:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:378:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:387:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'teams'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:387:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:387:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:387:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:387:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '387'-'392').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:387:	Parameter 'leftParticipants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:389:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:391:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:394:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:404:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:404:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:404:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '404'-'409').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:404:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:404:	Parameter 'teams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like indexOfFittingTeam
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexOfFittingTeam' (lines '405'-'413').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:406:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minimum' (lines '406'-'424').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:408:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:409:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:410:	Local variable 'amountOfSymDiff' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minimum' (lines '412'-'424').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:413:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexOfFittingTeam' (lines '413'-'413').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:418:	Local variable 'fittingTeam' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:419:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:426:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:431:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:431:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '431'-'433').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:431:	Parameter 'teams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:432:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:435:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:446:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'participantMap'
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:446:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:446:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:446:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:446:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '446'-'453').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:446:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:450:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:451:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alreadyScheduled' (lines '451'-'465').
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:451:	Local variable 'alreadyScheduled' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:452:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:454:	Local variable 'partner' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:455:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:455:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:457:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/ScheduleController.java:457:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
src/controller/TeamController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/TeamController.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/TeamController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/TeamController.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/TeamController.java:26:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/TeamController.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/TeamController.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/TeamController.java:35:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:36:	Local variable 'newTeam' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:38:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:39:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/TeamController.java:48:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:48:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:56:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:66:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:66:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:67:	Avoid empty if statements
src/controller/TeamController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/TeamController.java:79:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/TeamController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:84:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:91:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:105:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '105'-'116').
src/controller/TeamController.java:105:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'g' (lines '105'-'119').
src/controller/TeamController.java:105:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:109:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:112:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSchedule' (lines '112'-'144').
src/controller/TeamController.java:112:	Local variable 'currentSchedule' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:113:	Local variable 'courses' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:114:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:116:	Local variable 'groupList' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:117:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:125:	Local variable 'tList' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:136:	Local variable 'tList' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:146:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/TeamController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/controller/TeamController.java:164:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:175:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '175'-'184').
src/controller/TeamController.java:175:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '175'-'181').
src/controller/TeamController.java:177:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:178:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:180:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:181:	Local variable 'partList' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:182:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '217'-'225').
src/controller/TeamController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'g' (lines '217'-'228').
src/controller/TeamController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '217'-'231').
src/controller/TeamController.java:218:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:219:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:221:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSchedule' (lines '221'-'237').
src/controller/TeamController.java:221:	Local variable 'currentSchedule' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:222:	Local variable 'courses' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:223:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:225:	Local variable 'groupList' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/TeamController.java:226:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:228:	Local variable 'teamList' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:229:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:239:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:239:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/TeamController.java:239:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/TeamController.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/TeamController.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:9:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Event'
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:19:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like scheduleController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantActionController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like consistencyController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invitationController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventPickerController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:90:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentWalkingDinner
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:106:	Parameter 'currentWalkingDinner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:106:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:108:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:112:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:113:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:118:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:120:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:122:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:123:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:125:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:125:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'walkingDinner'
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:127:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:129:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:139:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:155:	Parameter 'walkingDinner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like scheduleController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:171:	Parameter 'scheduleController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:187:	Parameter 'exportController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:203:	Parameter 'teamController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:208:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:219:	Parameter 'groupController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantActionController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:235:	Parameter 'participantActionController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:251:	Avoid excessively long variable names like consistencyController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:251:	Parameter 'consistencyController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:267:	Parameter 'participantController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:283:	Parameter 'restrictionController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invitationController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:299:	Parameter 'invitationController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:315:	Parameter 'eventController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventPickerController
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:331:	Parameter 'eventPickerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:347:	Parameter 'errorAUI' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/WalkingDinnerController.java:351:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:3:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Address.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:29:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
src/model/Address.java:29:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
src/model/Address.java:29:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
src/model/Address.java:30:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/model/Address.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:47:	Parameter 'street' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Address.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:55:	Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Address.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:63:	Parameter 'zipCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Address.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Address.java:71:	Parameter 'addressAdditional' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Address.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Course.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'controller.ParticipantAction'
src/model/Course.java:5:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Course.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Course.java:11:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Course.java:13:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Course.java:15:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=59, ATFD=16, TCC=0.04924242424242424)
src/model/Event.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'controller.WalkingDinnerController'
src/model/Event.java:13:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Event.java:13:	The class 'Event' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/model/Event.java:13:	The class 'Event' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/model/Event.java:13:	The class 'Event' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/model/Event.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrationDeadline
src/model/Event.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/model/Event.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:45:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:52:	Local variable 'vegan' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:56:	Local variable 'vegetarian' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:60:	Local variable 'noAlcohol' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:66:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/Event.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '71'-'74').
src/model/Event.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:72:	Local variable 'changedOnes' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:73:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:73:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:79:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/model/Event.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:81:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/model/Event.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:88:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:96:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:104:	Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:112:	Parameter 'courseTimes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:120:	Parameter 'eventDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrationDeadline
src/model/Event.java:128:	Parameter 'registrationDeadline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:136:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '136'-'138').
src/model/Event.java:136:	Parameter 'person' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:137:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Event.java:139:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:145:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '145'-'148').
src/model/Event.java:145:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participantFromGroup' (lines '145'-'152').
src/model/Event.java:145:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:145:	Parameter 'personList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:146:	Local variable 'courses' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:147:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:148:	Local variable 'courseGroup' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:150:	Local variable 'participantList' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/Event.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantFromGroup
src/model/Event.java:151:	Local variable 'participantFromGroup' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:152:	Local variable 'actualPerson' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:161:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:169:	Parameter 'restriction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:177:	Parameter 'schedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:185:	Parameter 'invited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:185:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:189:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/model/Event.java:193:	Parameter 'currentParticipant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:197:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:205:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '205'-'207').
src/model/Event.java:205:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'g' (lines '205'-'208').
src/model/Event.java:205:	Parameter 'part' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:206:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:207:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Event.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:216:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '216'-'219').
src/model/Event.java:216:	Parameter 'part' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:216:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:218:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Event.java:220:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:230:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:231:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/Event.java:232:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '232'-'233').
src/model/Event.java:239:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:239:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/model/Event.java:239:	The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/model/Event.java:239:	The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/model/Event.java:239:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:240:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:241:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:242:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:243:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:244:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:245:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:246:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:248:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:249:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:250:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:251:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:253:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:254:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:255:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Event.java:256:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Event.java:260:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Event.java:264:	Parameter 'teams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Event.java:264:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:6:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Group.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:13:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/Group.java:17:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '17'-'21').
src/model/Group.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:18:	Local variable 'allTeams' could be declared final
src/model/Group.java:19:	Local variable 'participantList' could be declared final
src/model/Group.java:20:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/model/Group.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:28:	Local variable 'allTeams' could be declared final
src/model/Group.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Group.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:41:	Parameter 'hostTeam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Group.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Group.java:49:	Parameter 'guest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Group.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/IrvingMatchable.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/model/IrvingMatchable.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/IrvingMatchable.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/IrvingMatchable.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:6:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Participant.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like changedSinceExport
src/model/Participant.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/Participant.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:27:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/Participant.java:39:	Parameter 'oldRestriction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:44:	Parameter 'newRestriction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:55:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:68:	Parameter 'specialNeeds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like changedSinceExport
src/model/Participant.java:76:	Parameter 'changedSinceExport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:85:	Parameter 'restriction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:93:	Parameter 'person' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:101:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:109:	Parameter 'courseWish' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:113:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/model/Participant.java:113:	Parameter 'participant1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:113:	Parameter 'participant2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionIntersection
src/model/Participant.java:114:	Local variable 'restrictionIntersection' could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:115:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'restrictionIntersection'
src/model/Participant.java:118:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/model/Participant.java:118:	Parameter 'participant1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:119:	Parameter 'participant2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:120:	Local variable 'symDiff' could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:121:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'symDiff'
src/model/Participant.java:124:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/model/Participant.java:124:	Parameter 'participant1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Participant.java:125:	Parameter 'participant2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:126:	Local variable 'union' could be declared final
src/model/Participant.java:127:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'union'
src/model/Person.java:5:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Person.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:27:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Person.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:35:	Parameter 'mailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Person.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:43:	Parameter 'birthDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Person.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Person.java:51:	Parameter 'phoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Person.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:6:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Restriction.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:21:	Parameter 'oldParticipant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:26:	Parameter 'newParticipant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:44:	Parameter 'permanent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:52:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:56:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/model/Restriction.java:56:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '56'-'59').
src/model/Restriction.java:56:	Parameter 'restrictionList1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:56:	Parameter 'restrictionList2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:57:	Local variable 'intersectionList' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:58:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:66:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/model/Restriction.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '66'-'71').
src/model/Restriction.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '66'-'76').
src/model/Restriction.java:66:	Parameter 'restrictionList1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:67:	Parameter 'restrictionList2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'intersectionList' (lines '68'-'81').
src/model/Restriction.java:68:	Local variable 'intersectionList' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:69:	Local variable 'symDiffList' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:70:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/Restriction.java:75:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/Restriction.java:83:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/model/Restriction.java:83:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '83'-'88').
src/model/Restriction.java:83:	Parameter 'restrictionList1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Restriction.java:84:	Parameter 'restrictionList2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:85:	Local variable 'unionList' could be declared final
src/model/Restriction.java:87:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/model/SampleModel.java:3:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/SampleModel.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/SampleModel.java:4:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/model/SampleModel.java:4:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/SampleModel.java:5:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/model/Schedule.java:7:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Schedule.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/Schedule.java:9:	Private field 'courses' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/model/Schedule.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:14:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:15:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Schedule.java:19:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:23:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '23'-'26').
src/model/Schedule.java:23:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'testParticipant' (lines '23'-'28').
src/model/Schedule.java:23:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:23:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:24:	Local variable 'courseGroups' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:25:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:26:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:27:	Local variable 'testParticipant' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Schedule.java:36:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:36:	Parameter 'groups' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:40:	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantInHostGroup
src/model/Schedule.java:52:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '52'-'55').
src/model/Schedule.java:52:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '52'-'57').
src/model/Schedule.java:52:	Parameter 'participantInHostGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:54:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:55:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:56:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Schedule.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Schedule.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '65'-'69').
src/model/Schedule.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '65'-'71').
src/model/Schedule.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'part' (lines '65'-'73').
src/model/Schedule.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'teams' (lines '65'-'72').
src/model/Schedule.java:65:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Schedule.java:67:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:68:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:69:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:70:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:71:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:72:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/model/Schedule.java:73:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/model/Schedule.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Schedule.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Schedule.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Schedule.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Schedule.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Schedule.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Team.java:6:	Avoid short class names like Team
src/model/Team.java:6:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Team.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/Team.java:8:	This final field could be made static
src/model/Team.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:16:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/Team.java:20:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '20'-'28').
src/model/Team.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:21:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/model/Team.java:26:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/model/Team.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:38:	Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Team.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:46:	Parameter 'members' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Team.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:52:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Team.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Team.java:59:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/model/Team.java:60:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/model/Team.java:64:	Local variable 'subSet' could be declared final
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.oracle.xmlns.internal.webservices.jaxws_databinding.ExistingAnnotationsType'
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:9:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:20:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:25:	Local variable 'persontList' could be declared final
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:33:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:33:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:33:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:42:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:50:	Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:58:	Parameter 'currentEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/WalkingDinner.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=60, ATFD=106, TCC=0.031578947368421054)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.collections.FXCollections'
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.collections.ObservableList'
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	The class 'AdjustParticipantController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	The class 'AdjustParticipantController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	The class 'AdjustParticipantController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	Too many fields
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:39:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:42:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'SpRestrictionList'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:42:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SpRestrictionList' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:45:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'DateBirthday' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:48:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LvRestrictions' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:51:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdSpecialWished' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:54:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdStreet' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:57:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdName' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdZipCode' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:63:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdPlace' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:66:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdAddressExtra' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:69:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:69:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdRestriction' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:72:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EdEMail' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:75:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:75:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CbWishCourse' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:78:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'CbSearchBox'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:78:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CbSearchBox' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:81:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnEdit'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:81:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnEdit' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:84:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnDelete'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:84:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnDelete' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:87:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnCancel'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:87:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnCancel' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:87:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:90:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnCallAction'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:90:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnCallAction' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:90:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:93:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:93:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CbAction' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:93:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:96:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'CheckBoxNoAlkohol'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:96:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CheckBoxNoAlkohol' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CheckBoxVegetarian
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:99:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'CheckBoxVegetarian'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:99:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CheckBoxVegetarian' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:99:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:102:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'CheckBoxVegan'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:102:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CheckBoxVegan' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:105:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnNewRestriction'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:105:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnNewRestriction' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:105:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GridPaneAdjustParticipant
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:108:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:108:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'GridPaneAdjustParticipant' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionController
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:112:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'restrictionController'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:120:	Avoid really long methods.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:120:	The method 'validate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:120:	The method 'validate' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:120:	The method 'validate' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:120:	The method validate() has an NPath complexity of 5832
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '121'-'146').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '121'-'222').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:124:	The String literal "-fx-border-color: red;" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 124
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:127:	The String literal "-fx-border-color: inherit;" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 127
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:141:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '146'-'156').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '146'-'222').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:151:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '156'-'166').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '156'-'222').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:161:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '166'-'181').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '166'-'222').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:171:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:173:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:181:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '181'-'194').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '181'-'222').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:186:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:188:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '194'-'208').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '194'-'222').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:200:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:202:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:203:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '208'-'213').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:210:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:219:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:226:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:226:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:231:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '231'-'265').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:231:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '231'-'265').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:231:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restr' (lines '231'-'290').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:231:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restr' (lines '231'-'290').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:232:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:235:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:250:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:250:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:250:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:252:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:262:	Local variable 'actionList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:263:	System.out.println is used
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:264:	Local variable 'action' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:271:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:286:	Local variable 'restrList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:287:	System.out.print is used
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:288:	Local variable 'restr' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:290:	Local variable 'restrName' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:291:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:291:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:301:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restr' (lines '301'-'309').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:301:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:302:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:303:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:304:	Local variable 'eventRestriction' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:304:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:305:	System.out.println is used
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:307:	Local variable 'restr' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:309:	Local variable 'restrName' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:310:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:310:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:327:	Local variable 'courseWish' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:330:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:332:	System.out.println is used
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:342:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:343:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:343:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:343:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnCancel method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:345:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '345'-'347').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:346:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabsOverviewController
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:349:	Local variable 'tabsOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:353:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:355:	Local variable 'tabOverview' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:360:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:361:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:365:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:366:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:366:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onEditRestriction method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:367:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:368:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'restrList'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:368:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restrList' (lines '368'-'395').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:368:	Local variable 'restrList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:369:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantRestrictions
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:370:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'participantRestrictions'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:370:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'participantRestrictions' (lines '370'-'395').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:370:	Local variable 'participantRestrictions' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:372:	Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:372:	Local variable 'cb' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:373:	Local variable 'restrName' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:375:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:375:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:375:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:376:	Local variable 'newName' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:382:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:397:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:398:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:398:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onDeleteRestriction method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:399:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:400:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:400:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'restrList'.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:400:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restrList' (lines '400'-'439').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:400:	Local variable 'restrList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:406:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:407:	Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:407:	Local variable 'cb' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:408:	Local variable 'restrName' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:410:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:410:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:410:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:414:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:428:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:441:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:443:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:451:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:452:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:452:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:452:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnCreateNewRestriction method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:454:	Local variable 'restrictionName' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:457:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:458:	Local variable 'restCont' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:463:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:467:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:472:	Local variable 'newRestriction' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:475:	System.out.println is used
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:481:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restr' (lines '481'-'485').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:481:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:481:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the checkIfRestrictionAlreadyExists method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:481:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:482:	Local variable 'restrictionList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:484:	Local variable 'restr' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:486:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:493:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:494:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:494:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:494:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnNoAlkoholSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:496:	Local variable 'alcohol' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:500:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:500:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:501:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:505:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:506:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventRestrictionList
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:506:	Local variable 'eventRestrictionList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:508:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:512:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:513:	Document empty method body
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:513:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:513:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:513:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnParticipantAction method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:517:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:518:	Document empty method body
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:518:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:518:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:518:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnParticipantActionSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:521:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:522:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:522:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:522:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnVeganSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:523:	Local variable 'vegan' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:527:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:527:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:527:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:532:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:532:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:533:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventRestrictionList
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:533:	Local variable 'eventRestrictionList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:533:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:535:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:538:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:539:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:539:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:539:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnVegetarianSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:540:	Local variable 'vegetarian' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:544:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:544:	Local variable 'currentParticipant' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:544:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:544:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:545:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:549:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:550:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventRestrictionList
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:550:	Local variable 'eventRestrictionList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:550:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:552:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:555:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:556:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:556:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:556:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnWishCourseClicked method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:560:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the isValidZipCode method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:560:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:561:	Local variable 'zipCode' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:562:	Local variable 'validZipCode' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:567:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:568:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:568:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnCallAction method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:572:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'partCont' (lines '572'-'660').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:572:	Local variable 'partCont' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restCont' (lines '573'-'660').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:573:	Local variable 'restCont' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:574:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentEvent' (lines '574'-'660').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:574:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:574:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:579:	Local variable 'newPart' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:582:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:583:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:584:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:589:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:590:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:591:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:591:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:591:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:592:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:593:	Local variable 'restList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:594:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:596:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:600:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:601:	Local variable 'newPart' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:604:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:606:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:611:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:612:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:613:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:613:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:613:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:614:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:615:	Local variable 'restList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:616:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:618:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:623:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:625:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:626:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:631:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:633:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:633:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:633:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:634:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:635:	Local variable 'restList' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:636:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:640:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '640'-'642').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:641:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:641:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:644:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabsOverviewController
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:644:	Local variable 'tabsOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:645:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:646:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:648:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:650:	Local variable 'tabOverview' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:650:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:653:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:653:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:653:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:654:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:654:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:656:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:657:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:662:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restr' (lines '662'-'666').
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:662:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:664:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedRestrictions
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:664:	Local variable 'selectedRestrictions' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:665:	Local variable 'restr' could be declared final
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:667:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/AdjustParticipantController.java:667:	Local variable 'newRestriction' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:25:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like borderPaneOverview
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like borderPaneOutermost
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BtnNewFromTemplate
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:34:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnNewFromTemplate'.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:34:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnNewFromTemplate' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:37:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnEdtiting' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:40:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnRemoveEvent' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:49:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MainMenu' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:52:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuNewFile'.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:52:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuNewFile' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:55:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuOpenFile'.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:55:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuOpenFile' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:58:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuSaveFile'.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:58:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuSaveFile' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:61:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuSaveFileAs'.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:61:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuSaveFileAs' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:64:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuQuit'.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:64:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuQuit' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:75:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:79:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ev' (lines '79'-'96').
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:79:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ev' (lines '79'-'96').
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:84:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:84:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:84:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:94:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:95:	Local variable 'ev' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:110:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:110:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:110:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:122:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:123:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:123:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNewEvent method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:130:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '130'-'132').
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:131:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newEventFromTemplateController
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:134:	Local variable 'newEventFromTemplateController' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:137:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:140:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:141:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:145:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:146:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ev' (lines '146'-'153').
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:146:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:146:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onSearchEventName method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:151:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:152:	Local variable 'ev' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:153:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:159:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:160:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:160:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:160:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnEditing method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:164:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '167'-'169').
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:168:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabsOverviewController
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:171:	Local variable 'tabsOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:174:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:178:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:179:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:183:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:184:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:184:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onRemoveEvent method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:185:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:191:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:192:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:192:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onMenuNewFile method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:194:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:197:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:203:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:209:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:212:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:217:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:218:	System.out.println is used
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:226:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:227:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:227:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onMenuOpenFile method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:229:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:231:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:243:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:244:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:244:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onMenuQuit method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:246:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:249:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:250:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:250:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onMenuSaveFile method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:253:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:255:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:259:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:260:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:260:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onMenuSaveFileAs method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:263:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:266:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:272:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:278:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:284:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:285:	System.out.println is used
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:293:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:294:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:294:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onMouseClicked method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:295:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/EventOverviewController.java:296:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.LocalDate'
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.prism.paint.Color'
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.control.Tab'
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:26:	The class 'NewEventFromTemplateController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 25).
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:26:	The class 'NewEventFromTemplateController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 24).
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:26:	The class 'NewEventFromTemplateController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 24).
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:26:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:29:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextEventName' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:32:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PickerDate' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:35:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextPlace' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:38:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PickerDeadline' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:41:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextStarter' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:44:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextMain' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:47:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextDessert' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:50:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextEventDetails' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:53:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnDispose'.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:53:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnDispose' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:59:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnCreateEvent' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:68:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:72:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	Avoid really long methods.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	The method 'onCreateEvent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	The method 'onCreateEvent' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	The method 'onCreateEvent' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	The method onCreateEvent() has an NPath complexity of 155520
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:73:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onCreateEvent method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '75'-'95').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '75'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:77:	Local variable 'eventController' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:78:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:88:	The String literal "-fx-border-color: default;" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:90:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:91:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:94:	The String literal "-fx-border-color: orange;" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 94
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '95'-'99').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:97:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:98:	The String literal "-fx-border-color: red;" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 98
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '99'-'110').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '99'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:105:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:106:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:108:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '110'-'121').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '110'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:115:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:116:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:119:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '121'-'139').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '121'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:131:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:132:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:136:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '139'-'152').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '139'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:144:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:146:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:147:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:147:	The String literal "Zeit" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 147
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '152'-'157').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:154:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '157'-'169').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:167:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '169'-'182').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:169:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '169'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:174:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:175:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:178:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:180:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '182'-'196').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:182:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '182'-'223').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:187:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:189:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:192:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:194:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '206'-'208').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:207:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabsOverviewController
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:210:	Local variable 'tabsOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:213:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:219:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:220:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:225:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:226:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:226:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onDispose method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '230'-'232').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:231:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventOverviewController
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:234:	Local variable 'eventOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:237:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '243'-'245').
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:244:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabsOverviewController
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:247:	Local variable 'tabsOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:250:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:255:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:256:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:264:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewEventFromTemplateController.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/SampleViewController.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/SampleViewController.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.control.TextField'
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.input.DragEvent'
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.input.MouseDragEvent'
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:27:	The class 'TabAdjustTeamsController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:27:	The class 'TabAdjustTeamsController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:27:	The class 'TabAdjustTeamsController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like consistencyController
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:36:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MainPane'.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:36:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MainPane' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:39:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnGenerateTeams'.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:39:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnGenerateTeams' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:42:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ListTeams' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ListFreeParticipants
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:45:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ListFreeParticipants' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:48:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ListSelectedTeams' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:51:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnAddToTeam'.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:51:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnAddToTeam' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:54:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextWarnings' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:57:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnRemoveFromTeam'.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:57:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnRemoveFromTeam' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:60:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnNewTeam'.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnNewTeam' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:63:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnSetHosting' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:67:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:68:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:68:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:68:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnBtnAddToTeam method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:70:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:71:	Local variable 'selected' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:72:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:73:	Local variable 'selectedTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:81:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:82:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:82:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:82:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnBtnRemoveFromTeam method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:83:	Local variable 'selected' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:91:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:92:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:92:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNewTeam method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:93:	Local variable 'forNewTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:95:	Local variable 'newTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:103:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:104:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:104:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnSetHosting method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:105:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:113:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '121'-'169').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '121'-'169').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '121'-'169').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '121'-'169').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	The method 'init' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	The method 'init' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	The method 'init' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:122:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:124:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:131:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:131:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:131:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:136:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:144:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:144:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:144:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:150:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:151:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:151:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:152:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:162:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:162:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:162:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'172').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'172').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'172').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'172').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:168:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:169:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:170:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:181:	Local variable 'path1' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:186:	Local variable 'path2' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:200:	Local variable 'svgGraphic' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:200:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javafx.scene.Group' due to existing import 'javafx.scene.Group'
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:203:	Local variable 'bounds' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:204:	Local variable 'scale' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:214:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '217'-'243').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '217'-'243').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '217'-'243').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '217'-'286').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '217'-'286').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '217'-'286').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	The method 'refresh' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	The method 'refresh' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	The method 'refresh' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	The method refresh() has an NPath complexity of 300
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:218:	Local variable 'partList' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:222:	Local variable 'teamList' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:224:	Local variable 'currentTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:231:	Local variable 'warningTeams' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultStyle' (lines '235'-'294').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultStyle' (lines '235'-'294').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultStyle' (lines '235'-'294').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:235:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:236:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:236:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:236:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '241'-'247').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '241'-'247').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '241'-'247').
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:242:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:244:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:245:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:263:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:263:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:263:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:269:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:270:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:270:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:271:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:279:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:280:	Local variable 'selectedParts' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:284:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:286:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:298:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:299:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:299:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGenerateTeams method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:302:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:308:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:309:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:309:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabAdjustTeamsController.java:309:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OnMouseClickedinListTeam method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabEventController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.LocalTime'
src/view/TabEventController.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.layout.BorderPane'
src/view/TabEventController.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/TabEventController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:24:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnChangeData'.
src/view/TabEventController.java:24:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnChangeData' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:27:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelEventname' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:30:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelDate' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:33:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelPlace' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:36:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelDeadline' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:39:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelStarter' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:42:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelMain' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:45:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelDessert' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:48:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TextDescription' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabEventController.java:51:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'GridPaneTabEvent' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabEventController.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:53:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabEventController.java:54:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabEventController.java:54:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onModifyEvent method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabEventController.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '56'-'59').
src/view/TabEventController.java:57:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/TabEventController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '59'-'73').
src/view/TabEventController.java:60:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabEventController.java:61:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/view/TabEventController.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newEventFromTemplateController
src/view/TabEventController.java:63:	Local variable 'newEventFromTemplateController' could be declared final
src/view/TabEventController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:66:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/TabEventController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:70:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabEventController.java:71:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/TabEventController.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabEventController.java:75:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/TabEventController.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabEventController.java:77:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabEventController.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:85:	The method refresh() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/view/TabEventController.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabEventController.java:86:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/TabEventController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabEventController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabEventController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=59, ATFD=26, TCC=0.07792207792207792)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:31:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:31:	The class 'TabGroupsController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 25).
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:31:	The class 'TabGroupsController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 19).
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:31:	The class 'TabGroupsController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 21).
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:31:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:37:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnAddTeamToGroup'.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like btnRemoveTeamFromGroup
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:38:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnRemoveTeamFromGroup'.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:39:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnCreateNewGroup'.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:40:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnGenerateGroups'.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:50:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:51:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:51:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnAddTeamToGroup method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:52:	Local variable 'selectedTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:63:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:64:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:64:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnRemoveTeamFromGroup method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:65:	Local variable 'selectedTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:67:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:79:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:80:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:80:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnSetCooking method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:81:	Local variable 'selectedTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:85:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:95:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:96:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:96:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnCreateNewGroup method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:97:	Local variable 'selectedTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:104:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:109:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:109:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnGenerateGroups method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:110:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:115:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:120:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:120:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onCbCourseChange method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:121:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:132:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:139:	Avoid really long methods.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:139:	The method 'init' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:139:	The method 'init' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:139:	The method 'init' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:139:	The method init() has an NPath complexity of 1800
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cellFactory' (lines '144'-'297').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:144:	Local variable 'cellFactory' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:146:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:146:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:149:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:149:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:149:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:154:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:165:	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:177:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:177:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:177:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:183:	Local variable 'hostingTeam' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:184:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:187:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:203:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:203:	Parameter 'observable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:203:	Parameter 'oldValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:204:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:205:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:206:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:213:	Local variable 'cell' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:215:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:215:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:215:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:218:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:222:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:239:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:239:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:239:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:246:	Local variable 'host' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:247:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:249:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:250:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:252:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:255:	Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:256:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:264:	Local variable 'path1' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:269:	Local variable 'path2' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:283:	Local variable 'svgGraphic' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:283:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javafx.scene.Group' due to existing import 'javafx.scene.Group'
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:286:	Local variable 'bounds' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:287:	Local variable 'scale' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:315:	Local variable 'selectedGroup' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:319:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:321:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:327:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:338:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:345:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:350:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '350'-'358').
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:354:	Local variable 'warnings' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:354:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:357:	Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:358:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:379:	Field isHost has the same name as a method
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:379:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:379:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:380:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:383:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:388:	Parameter 'isHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:388:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:392:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:397:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:397:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:401:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:401:	Parameter 'isHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:401:	Parameter 'team' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:401:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:413:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:414:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:418:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:419:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/TabGroupsController.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:41:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BaseGrid'.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:41:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BaseGrid' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'resources'.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:47:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'location'.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:50:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TreePastEvents' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:53:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ListInvited' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:56:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnInvite' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:59:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnUninvite' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:62:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnCopyAddress' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:65:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnCopyEmail' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:68:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnSavePDF' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:71:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnRegister'.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:71:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnRegister' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:80:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '87'-'101').
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:89:	Local variable 'uninvited' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like uninvitedTreeItems
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:90:	Local variable 'uninvitedTreeItems' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:96:	Local variable 'invited' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:100:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:111:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:117:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:117:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:117:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:123:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:123:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:155:	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:156:	Local variable 'clipboard' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:157:	Local variable 'clipboardContent' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:162:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:163:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:163:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onAddressesToClipboard method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedParticipants
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:164:	Local variable 'selectedParticipants' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:165:	Local variable 'addresses' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:169:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:170:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:170:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onEMailToClipboard method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedParticipants
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:171:	Local variable 'selectedParticipants' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:172:	Local variable 'eMails' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:176:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:177:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:177:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onExportPDF method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:178:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:181:	Local variable 'extFilter' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:187:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'path' (lines '188'-'204').
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:193:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:200:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:201:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:206:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:207:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '207'-'211').
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:207:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:207:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onInvite method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:208:	Local variable 'invite' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:209:	Local variable 'inviteList' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:210:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:221:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:222:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:222:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onUninvite method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like uninviteParticipants
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:223:	Local variable 'uninviteParticipants' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:232:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:233:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '233'-'236').
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:233:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:233:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onRegister method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedParticipants
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:234:	Local variable 'selectedParticipants' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:235:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:242:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:243:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the initialize method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:254:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:255:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:255:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:256:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:256:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:258:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:258:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:262:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:262:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:269:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:272:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:278:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:282:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:287:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:288:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:288:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:288:	Parameter 'participants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:288:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:294:	Local variable 'newItems' could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:295:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:300:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:300:	Parameter 'participant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabInviteViewController.java:300:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BtnExportParticipantData
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:26:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnExportParticipantData'.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:26:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnExportParticipantData' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:29:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnExportChanges'.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:29:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnExportChanges' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BtnCreateParticipant
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:32:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnCreateParticipant'.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:32:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnCreateParticipant' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BtnAdjustParticipant
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:35:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BtnAdjustParticipant'.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:35:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BtnAdjustParticipant' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GridPaneParticipants
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:38:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'GridPaneParticipants' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:44:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:56:	Parameter 'stage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:63:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:63:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:63:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:78:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:87:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:88:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:88:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onExportChangedParticipantData method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'exportController' (lines '89'-'120').
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:89:	Local variable 'exportController' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:92:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:94:	Local variable 'extFilter' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:100:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:106:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:110:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:111:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:116:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:117:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:123:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:124:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:124:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onExportParticipantData method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'exportController' (lines '125'-'157').
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:125:	Local variable 'exportController' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedParticipants
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'selectedParticipants' (lines '126'-'157').
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:126:	Local variable 'selectedParticipants' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:129:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:131:	Local variable 'extFilter' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:137:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:143:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:147:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:148:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:153:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:154:	System.out.println is used
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:159:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:160:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:160:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onAdjustParticipant method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:162:	Local variable 'currPart' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '165'-'167').
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:166:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like adjustParticipantController
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:169:	Local variable 'adjustParticipantController' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:172:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:180:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:181:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:186:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:187:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:187:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onCreateParticipant method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '189'-'191').
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:190:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like adjustParticipantController
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:193:	Local variable 'adjustParticipantController' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:196:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:200:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabParticipantsController.java:201:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.control.Button'
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gridPaneTabOverview
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:25:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TabGeneral' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:28:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TabInvitation' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:31:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TabParticipant' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:34:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TabTeams' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:37:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TabGroups' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MenuBarTabOberview
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:40:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuBarTabOberview'.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:40:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuBarTabOberview' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:43:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuTabsOverview'.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:43:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuTabsOverview' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:46:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuItemSave'.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:46:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuItemSave' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:49:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MenuItemClose'.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:49:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MenuItemClose' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:52:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LabelEventName' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:58:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:60:	Parameter 'walkingDinnerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:70:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '75'-'77').
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:76:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabEventController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:79:	Local variable 'tabEventController' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root2' (lines '84'-'86').
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:85:	Local variable 'loader2' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabInviteViewController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:88:	Local variable 'tabInviteViewController' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root3' (lines '93'-'95').
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:94:	Local variable 'loader3' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabParticipantsController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:97:	Local variable 'tabParticipantsController' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root4' (lines '102'-'104').
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:103:	Local variable 'loader4' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabAdjustTeamsController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:106:	Local variable 'tabAdjustTeamsController' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root5' (lines '111'-'113').
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:112:	Local variable 'loader5' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabGroupsController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:115:	Local variable 'tabGroupsController' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:122:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:123:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:129:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:130:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:130:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onCloseTabsOverview method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '132'-'134').
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:133:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventOverviewController
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:136:	Local variable 'eventOverviewController' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:139:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:144:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:145:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:149:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:150:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/TabsOverviewController.java:150:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onSaveTabsOverview method if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.webkit.ThemeClient'
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'jdk.internal.org.objectweb.asm.util.CheckAnnotationAdapter'
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:33:	Perhaps 'walkingDinnerController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like consistencyController
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:35:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'schedule'.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:35:	Perhaps 'schedule' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:38:	Perhaps 'group1' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:47:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:47:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:54:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:54:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:64:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:78:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:83:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:87:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:92:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:95:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:100:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:106:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:110:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:111:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'warnings' (lines '112'-'116').
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:120:	The String literal "kommt mehrmals im Team vor" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 120
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'warnings' (lines '167'-'169').
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:172:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:177:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:178:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:180:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:190:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:194:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:195:	Local variable 'testGroup' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:196:	Local variable 'team1' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:197:	Local variable 'team2' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:198:	Local variable 'team3' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:199:	Local variable 'team4' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:200:	Local variable 'guests' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:203:	The String literal "Gruppe zu klein" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 203
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:204:	The String literal "kein Hostteam festgelegt" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 204
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:205:	The String literal "keine Gastteams vorhanden" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 205
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:206:	The String literal "Die Anzahl der Gastteams stimmt nicht" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 206
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:284:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:286:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:290:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:291:	Local variable 'guests' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:307:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:308:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:313:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:314:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:315:	Local variable 'rest1' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:316:	Local variable 'rest2' could be declared final
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:338:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:340:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'warnings' (lines '340'-'341').
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:341:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'warnings' (lines '341'-'351').
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ConsistencyControllerTest.java:360:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:23:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:32:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:33:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like al
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:35:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like e
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:36:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:39:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:41:	Local variable 'eventController' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catcher' (lines '44'-'49').
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:63:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:72:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '81'-'101').
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'lt' (lines '81'-'103').
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:82:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:83:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like al
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:85:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like e
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:86:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:89:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:91:	Local variable 'eventController' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:94:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:94:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:100:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:100:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:102:	Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:114:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:123:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:133:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:134:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:134:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:136:	Avoid variables with short names like al
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:136:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:137:	Avoid variables with short names like e
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:137:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:140:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:142:	Local variable 'eventController' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:153:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:156:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventControllerTest.java:165:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:19:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:27:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ev' (lines '35'-'58').
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:36:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:37:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like al
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:39:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like e
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:40:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:43:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventPickerController
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:45:	Local variable 'eventPickerController' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:48:	Local variable 'events' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:49:	Local variable 'event1' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:51:	Local variable 'event2' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:56:	Local variable 'lliszt' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:57:	Local variable 'ev' could be declared final
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:68:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:76:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:81:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:84:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/EventPickerControllerTest.java:93:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:15:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Participant'
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:49:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tempDir'.
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempDir' (lines '49'-'52').
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:49:	Local variable 'tempDir' could be declared final
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:57:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:64:	Local variable 'fileDestination' could be declared final
tests/controller/ExportControllerTest.java:70:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like testGroupController
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:29:	Perhaps 'wdc2' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:36:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:36:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:43:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:43:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:70:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:74:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:75:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:78:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:81:	Local variable 'testgroup' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:87:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:88:	Local variable 'testgroup1' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:98:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:102:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:104:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:105:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:111:	Local variable 'team2' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:118:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:122:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:125:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:126:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:127:	Local variable 'team2' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:128:	Local variable 'team3' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:143:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:148:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:150:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:155:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:165:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:167:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:168:	Local variable 'group2' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:169:	Local variable 'group3' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:170:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:171:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:187:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:199:	Local variable 'testWdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:200:	Local variable 'oldController' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:202:	Local variable 'currentWdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:208:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:211:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:212:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/GroupControllerTest.java:213:	Local variable 'oldController' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:27:	Perhaps 'walkingDinnerCtrl' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:32:	Perhaps 'events' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:43:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:43:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:50:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:50:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:82:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:93:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:98:	Local variable 'uninvited' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:104:	Local variable 'uninvitedEvent1' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:108:	Local variable 'expect' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:120:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:126:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:135:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:135:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:135:	Avoid empty catch blocks
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:146:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:149:	Local variable 'oldList' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:152:	Local variable 'invited' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:167:	Local variable 'newOne' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:170:	Local variable 'newParticipants' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:187:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:187:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:187:	Avoid empty catch blocks
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:194:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:200:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:202:	Local variable 'oldList' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:204:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:215:	Local variable 'notInEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:225:	Local variable 'removeList' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:239:	Local variable 'first' could be declared final
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:252:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:259:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:274:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:274:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/InvitationControllerTest.java:274:	Avoid empty catch blocks
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.corba.se.spi.ior.MakeImmutable'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.webkit.ThemeClient'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.xml.internal.ws.db.glassfish.BridgeWrapper'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'jdk.internal.cmm.SystemResourcePressureImpl'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'jdk.nashorn.internal.ir.WithNode'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.WalkingDinner'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:30:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Team'
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantActionController
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:40:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the currentParticipant field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:40:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:41:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the currentEvent field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:41:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:46:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:46:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:53:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:53:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:62:	Local variable 'walkingDinnerController' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:63:	Local variable 'invited' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:65:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:65:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:82:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:88:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:89:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:90:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:93:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:94:	Local variable 'register' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:95:	Local variable 'unregtister' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:96:	Local variable 'update' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'actions' (lines '97'-'104').
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:98:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:99:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:119:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:125:	Local variable 'newParticipant' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:132:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:136:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:139:	Local variable 'schedule' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:140:	Local variable 'starter' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:141:	Local variable 'main' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:142:	Local variable 'dessert' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:148:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:150:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:151:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:152:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:153:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:156:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:157:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:158:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:159:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:160:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:162:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:163:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:164:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:165:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:166:	assertTrue(!expr) can be replaced by assertFalse(expr)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:171:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:172:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:176:	Local variable 'newParticipant' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:177:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:178:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:179:	Local variable 'invitedList' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:184:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:188:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'personList' (lines '189'-'191').
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantActionControllerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.LocalDate'
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Address'
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Course'
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'controller.ParticipantController'
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:23:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:31:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the walkingDinner field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:31:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:32:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the currentEvent field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentParticipant
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:33:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the currentParticipant field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:33:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:40:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:40:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:47:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:47:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:65:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:70:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:71:	Avoid variables with short names like p1
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:71:	Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like p2
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:72:	Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:74:	Local variable 'currentEvent' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:75:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:79:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:80:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
tests/controller/ParticipantControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionController
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:32:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:32:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:39:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:39:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:56:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:60:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:61:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldAmountOfRestrictions
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:65:	Local variable 'oldAmountOfRestrictions' could be declared final
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newAmountOfRestrictions
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:67:	Local variable 'newAmountOfRestrictions' could be declared final
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:74:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:77:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '77'-'82').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:77:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:78:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '80'-'83').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '80'-'86').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '80'-'89').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:81:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '83'-'83').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '83'-'86').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '83'-'89').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '86'-'83').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '86'-'86').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '86'-'89').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '89'-'83').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '89'-'86').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countPermanents' (lines '89'-'89').
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:100:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:104:	The String literal "Not yet implemented" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 104
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:108:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:116:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/RestrictionControllerTest.java:132:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:11:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:23:	The class 'ScheduleControllerTest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 12).
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:23:	The class 'ScheduleControllerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:23:	The class 'ScheduleControllerTest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like scheduleController
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:31:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:31:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:38:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:38:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:54:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:58:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:71:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'participant' (lines '74'-'92').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '74'-'93').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'team' (lines '74'-'81').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	The method 'testGenerateTeams' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	The method 'testGenerateTeams' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:74:	The method 'testGenerateTeams' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:75:	Local variable 'schedule' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'teamsOfThree' (lines '77'-'82').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like amountOfVegetarians
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amountOfVegetarians' (lines '78'-'106').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'veganAndMeat' (lines '79'-'108').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:80:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:81:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'teamsOfThree' (lines '82'-'82').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:84:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:87:	Local variable 'participants' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vegan' (lines '88'-'95').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vegetarian' (lines '89'-'98').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'meat' (lines '90'-'101').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:91:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:92:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vegan' (lines '95'-'95').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vegetarian' (lines '98'-'98').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'meat' (lines '101'-'101').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'veganAndMeat' (lines '108'-'108').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:124:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:125:	Local variable 'firstSchedule' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:126:	Local variable 'secondSchedule' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:127:	Local variable 'amountOfTeams' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:135:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:138:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'person' (lines '138'-'142').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:139:	Local variable 'persons' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'knowingRelation' (lines '140'-'144').
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:140:	Local variable 'knowingRelation' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:141:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:147:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/ScheduleControllerTest.java:155:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:29:	Perhaps 'walkingDinnerController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'walkingDinner'.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like gc
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:44:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:44:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:51:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:51:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like ev
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:60:	Local variable 'ev' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:61:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:62:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:82:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:87:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:90:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like k
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:91:	Local variable 'k' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:92:	Local variable 'team1' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:100:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:101:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:107:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:110:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:161:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:166:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:169:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:213:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:216:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'g' (lines '216'-'222').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:216:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:220:	Avoid variables with short names like b
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '220'-'223').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:221:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '223'-'223').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '234'-'237').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:235:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '237'-'237').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '249'-'252').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:250:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '252'-'252').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:265:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '265'-'268').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:266:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:268:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '268'-'268').
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:278:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:283:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:286:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:299:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:302:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:303:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:303:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:304:	Avoid variables with short names like tc
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:304:	Local variable 'tc' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:305:	Avoid variables with short names like ce
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:305:	Local variable 'ce' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:306:	Local variable 'partList' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:326:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:327:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:328:	Avoid variables with short names like wd
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:328:	Local variable 'wd' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:329:	Avoid variables with short names like tc
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:329:	Local variable 'tc' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:330:	Avoid variables with short names like ce
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:330:	Local variable 'ce' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:332:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TeamControllerTest.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:18:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:18:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:26:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:41:	Parameter 'walkingDinner' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:44:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:44:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:60:	Parameter 'walkingDinner' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event1' (lines '61'-'97').
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:61:	Local variable 'event1' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:62:	Local variable 'event2' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:66:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:66:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:75:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:80:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:85:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:90:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:103:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'g' (lines '103'-'117').
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:106:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:110:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:114:	Local variable 'teams' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:115:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:116:	Local variable 'g' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:122:	Local variable 'copyPart' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:134:	Local variable 'schedule' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:138:	Local variable 'genGroupsStarter' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:144:	Local variable 'genGroupsMain' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:150:	Local variable 'genGroupsDessert' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:165:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:167:	Local variable 'guest' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:179:	Local variable 'team' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:180:	Local variable 'host' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:181:	Local variable 'participant1' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:182:	Local variable 'participant2' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:183:	Local variable 'members' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:195:	Local variable 'participant' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:196:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:199:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:209:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:219:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numOfPeople'
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:219:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:220:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:221:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:235:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:246:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like walkingDinnerController
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:247:	Local variable 'walkingDinnerController' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:248:	Local variable 'wdc' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:250:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:253:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:255:	Local variable 'events' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Person'
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:15:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:22:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the walkingDinner field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '41'-'56').
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:45:	Local variable 'walkingDinnerLoad' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:51:	Local variable 'personsOriginal' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:52:	Local variable 'personsLoad' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:55:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:60:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:72:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:73:	Local variable 'addressOriginal' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:74:	Local variable 'addressLoad' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:99:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '99'-'112').
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:101:	Local variable 'walkingDinnerLoad' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:107:	Local variable 'personsOriginal' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:108:	Local variable 'personsLoad' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:111:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:116:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:128:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:129:	Local variable 'addressOriginal' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:130:	Local variable 'addressLoad' could be declared final
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/WalkingDinnerControllerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/model/SampleModelTest.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/model/SampleModelTest.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/SampleModelTest.java:11:	Document empty method body
tests/model/SampleModelTest.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/SampleModelTest.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:17:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:19:	Local variable 'walkingDinner' could be declared final
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:26:	Parameter 'primaryStage' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '29'-'32').
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:30:	Local variable 'fxmlLoader' could be declared final
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '32'-'48').
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:33:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:34:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:36:	Local variable 'tabViewController' could be declared final
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:39:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:45:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:46:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:50:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/view/TabInvitationViewControl.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
